PHP Mini ORM  : Bruce Silver
----------------------------

Introduction
-------------

Lightweight object relational mapper for PHP.

Example project for job applications.  Please note that the package only contains minimal functionality 
and is intended to demonstrate use of abstraction, string manipulation, reflection and other PHP language 
features.

The package is also intended to demonstrates how PHP interacts with the data layer rather than offering a 
complete ORM solution.

Important!
---------
Package is not complete as of this time but can perform inserts, queries and deletes for an entity mapped 
to a table that has no associations or integrity constraints.
Package is for demonstration purposes only.

Features
--------

- Uses annotations to map plain old PHP objects to the relevant database table.
- Annotations are taken from the Java persistence API.
- Entities that use this package can also be used by Doctrine with minimal changes to the annotations (add @ORM\ before teach annotation).

Contains a database abstraction layer for working with different databases.  Only MySql and Sqlite drivers 
are available in this release.

Unit Tests
----------

Import the databases for either MySql and sqlite into your database server.  The DDL files are to be 
found in main/test/test-database.

For MySql add and grant appropriate privileges for the following database user.

username: admin
password: admin

or adjust the files in main/test/configuration to use an already existing MySql user account.

Development Road Map
--------------------

Other features and functionality to be implemented.

- Complete entity updates.
- Add support for joins, only tables with no associations can be persisted, fetched and deleted.
- Add logging including logging SQL generated by the ORM.
- Add filtering for table names.
- Add drivers for MsSQL via FreeTDS, Oracle, DB2 and others.
- Add a new concrete implementation of EntityMapping that reads configurations from a YAML, JSON or XML file.
- Add abstraction layer for performing SQL SELECT queries.
- Add proxy class generation for production builds to improve performance.
- Auto generate entities from the target database.